Once upon a time there was an old man living in his house along the beach. However, the old man was not happy as he was living alone because his wife had passed away five years ago. They both loved the beach and were excited to move into this home because it was somewhere they could make many memories together. Because of this now when the old man walked along the beach he was only ever reminded on his dead wife. The old man had not walked along the beach since the day his wife died for the memory was too painful. He tried many times to go on the walk. He would get dressed, put on sunscreen, put on his walking shoes and get right up to the sand. However, each time he tried to step on the sand he was struck by the memories of his wife and could not bear to go on. Until one day when this all changed. The old man woke up one morning and felt a strange but exciting burst of courage. Courage to finally walk along the beach. So the old man did what he normally did. He get dressed, put on sunscreen, put on his walking shoes and went all the way up to the sad. Before moving forward the old man stopped looked out at the ocean, closed his eyes, took in a huge breath, and....took the step onto the sand. Rather than feeling all the pain and suffering of losing his wife the old man had never felt more connected to his dead wide. He felt her love and warmth all over again. This feeling was so strong that it made the old man burst into tears. As the old man was crying a young man around the age of 16 approached him and asked "Sir, why are you crying?" and the old man responded, "Oh don't worry about it kid, it has just been a long time since I have been on the beach." The kid then said, "Well I am about to walk with my dog to the end of the beach, would you care to join me?". The old man paused, looked up and down the beach, and then with surprising eagerness said "Yes I would love to." After this day the young man would meet the old man every afternoon to join him on his daily walks. The two eventually became very good friends as the young man invited him over for family dinners which the old man returned by having the young man's family over. One evening the old man was sitting alone outside thankful more than ever that he had finally decided to take that step onto the sand because now his life was finally full of love again.